# hello-world

Hi! Created a repository to use for UNC code camp test.

I'm a 35 year veteran of IBM, with 9 months spent at Lenovo. My career started as a manufaturing test engineer on the Series/1 functional card test line using Series/1 assembler to develop functinoal tests and debug tests, and their procedures. I then moved to what I deem as my first project management job working in the PC Company representing manufacturing in Product meetings, interfacing with Development, Manufacturing, and Test teams, tracking new PC system products from development through their introduction into manufacturing. Next I returned to the Series/1 card test group supporting functional card test; I got involved in other test equipment development for logic cards used in the Network Hardware Division's other routers, bridges, and network systems, requiring I learn to use Basic and C to control the test equipment, and, required I visit and install test equipment at logic card vendors, and train their test operators. I helped develop and set-up a process whereby logic cards were functionally screen-tested in network systems used as test equipment located inside an environmental chamber; test equipment outside the environmental chamber would run the functional test while varying DC voltage powering the logic cards in the network system using GPIB power supplies and other logic, and the environmental chamber's temperature would also be controlled to run to 5% outside the network system's high and low temperature operating range; this was a 4-corners screen-test that ran for hours looping functinoal tessts on the logic cards, and intended to remove latent defects from the logic cards prior to their use in network systems built by manufacturing. Later I would join a server development group as a quality assurance project manager driving new system products and option products from the development stage through to their manufacturing phase, ensuring the new products were tested and passed certain criteria at the hardware level and hardware/software integration level, and ensured all agency testing and reports were completed.
